Fix broken links to documentation pages (#3147)
apache/camel: core/camel-core/src/main/docs/eips/rollback-eip.adoc

=== OSGi Blueprint

> If you are using https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/using-osgi-blueprint-with-camel.adoc[OSGi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using xref:using-osgi-blueprint-with-camel.adoc[OSGi
```

When a route is marked as transacted using *transacted* Camel will
automatic use the
xref:transactionerrorhandler.adoc[TransactionErrorHandler] as

> https://github.com/apache/camel/blob/master/docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/error-handler.adoc[Error Handler]. It supports basically the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
xref:error-handler.adoc[Error Handler]. It supports basically the same
```
